



we are working on wraith. 


0. 3d cube (in ascii window and 3d)

<or switch that switches from gl ; just push and find out what is hard do debug>

1. we can try normal "chtpmgl"


2. and 3d-pet (in ascii but solid cube...)


and push into both and see which makes more sense or do both make sense? 
<if there is an issue , its with the "RGB CONVERTER"
{maybe u can choose a different converter from submenu when u remove some debug stuff}


 1.TPMOS_c_+rmmp.0102.0027/!.gem-
  flashlite--yolo/!.evo&obs/!.TPMOS_ONBORD_BIBLE_10.md is our platform.
  currently we are working on pushing out features for wraith-architecture-
  j25.md . the point of wraith is the make sure gl gui is incredibly auditable
  in both ascii terminal , and by frame. however ofc the converter should
  convert the rgb info into real presentable gl elements (like squares ,
  rectangles , windows , buttons etc, ) the ascii is just the only way i can
  think of to audit, however if u know better ways pls explain in the wraith
  arch doc. currently we are building wraith to both beable to run chtml like
  projects but also want it to look like gl-os desktop and have features like
  chtmgl . you see its not meant to mirror the ascii 1:1 ; the ascii is just a
  helpful auditing debugging feature for human and ai, that displays the
  current frame in its most simplified state. therefore i think our next steps
  should be , 1 . remove some of the debugging output or at least make it
  collapsible using +- features , like what is in +-demo/ ; add another option
  to switch between gl ascii view, or "graphical?" ie 'solid squares rectangles
  etc, ie the view that is used in gl-os desktop and chtmgl-alpha... i want you
  to investigate all these areas and update the arch doc and the fast-2do.txt
  as in a todo list of the features we should impliment first to get up to
  speed with chtmgl while keeping the frames as close to represnting the gl as
  possible for easy debugging. if u think of any creative solutions for this,
  pls feel free to tell me them first, then if i approve them, add them to the
  architecture doc. always use existing standards if present.
  
  
   2 do ? maybe we
  make a new "wraith project" as '3d cube' just to see how 3d looks in ascii vs
  gl . then maybe we can re do the chtpmgl-alpha project ; 2 see how an
  auditable ascii version would look and how we need to format things etc. get
  it?


