
y i quit y ? 

z is the "TPMOS" truth. 

u can audit 1 thing. whats its inventory

if u want it in a game. u can drag drop it in or drag drop it out 
(literally pull it out with mouse or use 'exacpe or something) then have it back on desks


fuck ascii 4 right now. fuck wsr. even fuck chat. its cool some of its in pal but fuck it. 



do desk muchis. make sure its all on desk. dont get 2 involved with terminal menus

yes do menus but only on screen like pets. 


(i was gonna say do pokemon instead of wsr but also fuck that. 

if u want something . it should be a guy who has "knowledge" or a "computer"
that has methods 4 trading (2 phones can trade with eachother) otherwise fuck that. 


and im gonna do people soon. (rmmv characters )but also js character creation

im gonna have adam and eve, on desktop . fucking , farming, fighting etc. 
and then they can start govs, trade, and it will never get 2 big 4 screen. 

and we can do zwrai screen management etc. 

dont worry about 3d. tho z levels are fine. assume we are top down always
u can see tops of tall buildings w/e if u go in & up u cant see bottom z levels  (like cdda) w/e 
(what if i throw something out the window ? . i guess maybe will show . play cdda see what it does)

im tempted to do micro folder with zest 2 the side


if u wanna do pokemon / minecraft. 
drop them into the screen + cursword. or just watch whats goin on in screen
(does in screen game have to be on desktop like its the level tho? 
no i would assume desktop is like {HEAVEN} and meaningless till u drop it in something
yes u can do shit "IN HEAVEN" and should but also enclosures can mean different things 
so lets do that 2 . and have uniform enclosre beahavoir for dropping in / pulling out































\
⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️⚛️

its not about "ASCII" we are "FREE FROM ASCII" and everything cuz post wraith; yes use wraith stuff ofc

❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️
what about user and stuff? 

treat my avatar as my user or fuck off. 

owner of pokemon? put him in my flexbox in my avatar 4 now or fuck off
no opaque abstractions. none. we dont have to 
this is how we build the data model . its still not done
but it will be after this , then u will know how 2 truly do wsr/ascii shit (cuz it will already be done ;)
❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️❤️‍🔥️
👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️
b-but how is it tpm!? its in .png!?
(its the REAL tru piece method of apple .pngs chara folders . pngs are rgb. terminal is a cage. wake up

if u dont like our 'given browser/fs' remake it. u should beable 2 port this 2 'framebuffer' 2. 
(but make in on desk first ofc . just ignore desk. make a white background. w/e)

i may actally have like a grid background made from it perscribing the dimensions, even
printing .
(with that stb image it was using 2 make 2d reciepts)


🎣️
why ascii is actually good . just ignore it. 
it was supposed to immediately pop out with a 2d-gl mirror. 
but we didn't push thru 2 that unfortunately . 🎣️

go back 2 mutaclysm and get it to make the 2d-gl mirror. (it had been  , why didn't it auto open?)

then its actually already done with everything so fork it and start fucking it up 
ask 2 pull out desk-pals, pop them in , with context windows, mirrored in game and out

(mirror out first probably + wrai-desk stuff, etc. )
🧟‍♀️️
dont worry as long as u ppush in this correct direction (adam and eve on desk first) 
everything else will work out. 
have them doing stuff on desk first. i know droping them in games will be fun and is on track
and cool but give it 1 sec if u can . if not w/e do quick "POC" by all means👨🏽‍🌾️


what about putting it "IN TPMOS" ? 
as liek "ZWRAITH" or something?   (it would just popout and w/e)

thas cute and maybe later , but right now i wanna be fuckin hardcore. 

like if i wanna move something, i move it . into ONLY A PHYSICAL PNG FOLDER
(linux doesn't have png folders so this is great. u can actually do this. 
🤯️🤣️
and its even more of an "OS" than "TPM-OS WAS IRONICALLY GET IT? <for how 'pure tpmos/wraith is'
ITS MORE TPMOS THAN TPMOS WAS! AND MORE WRAITH THAN WRAITH WAS TOO!🤯️🤣️
👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️👁️




📅️

im gonna have it default to using emojis in terminal and gl also. 
then it makes more sense to dropin/pullout. 

<btw even if its ascii in term, u can still have wraith ascii like controls
(ie mouse, etc ; or u can have a popout key, or detect when something is dropped in terminal
(and change it 2 ascii and i think u should) 


<this is something basic we should probably add 2 basic tpmos

but certainly wont be that hard 2 add 2 wraith so i think we should

the stuff we did outside of wraith should be treated more like an experiment.

🐌️🐢️
if u click pet , normal program like was in terminal, then pop pet out. thats fine. 
doesn't need 2 be from a 3d level (YET) but can soon but keep it basic first that was so smart.
and so heavily iterated. 🐌️🐢️
📅️
⚠️
stick 2 using wraith . 

the moment u wanna do serious stuff, u will find that the zexo stuff is not enough
and u will wish u were in wraith. 


<even if u wanna go outside, u shouldn't but u should use old parser 🔍️

(BUT I LIKED THAT IT WAS IN PAL!; yea thats the one caveat. but w/e at least c is readable. )

& u wonder where legacy code comes from blah blah blah
🦸‍♀️️they got way 2 cocky btw. all this is hardwork🦸‍♀️️
🦹‍♀️️they literally reported me for hatespeach on disc after i asked them 2 stop being violent somehow🦹‍♀️️


u could still do "x0 projects somehow" but w/e imo this is even better than "xopets"
🦎️🦖️"STAY IN THE ZOO" i just had a talk with my mom about how animals 
should be in a zoo, when they are loose there can be problems
she said on "nature reserves" ppl get attacked. THE CAGE IS BETTER! 🦖️
sh 6.smol.sh 
ID: 019446
Reference: 24O||21||5||
English: And I myself will attack you with my outstretched hand and my mighty arm, in anger, wrath, and great rage;
Chinese: 並 且 我 要 在 怒 氣 、 忿 怒 ， 和 大 惱 恨 中 ， 用 伸 出 來 的 手 ， 並 大 能 的 膀 臂 ， 親 自 攻 擊 你 們 ；

🦓️
z00 is peak. ; 
🦓️

⚠️when u leave tpmos/wraith u have 2 tell it how 2 redo evrerthing u took for granted. how dumb

it may seem like "not a big deal to test stuff' but can cause problems 

leave em out if u want. if u can share data, go for it. figure that out . just makes
things more flexible. its not that bad. its not like its going out side of "ZEST";)

maybe nice 2 have a pal that works. but it needs 2 mirror wraith more

💩️as sure as i said that i asked. why dont we have arrow key nav with ascii game
and u know what the answer is ? "NO INTERACT MODE" fuck this shit i mean... i dunno.

im jus tgonna try 2 redo tpmos/wraith in pal. that was always the plan anways....
⚠️
🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️🛸️
🚢️i just realized. pop out pieces is ultimate data schema = boyce codd normal = zoo on a boat🚢️
🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️🌊️
🗡️
id like to do tsots-ai 

then have it read a section of the bible

and literally make a level to spec (tactics/3d w/e tbh its all the same at this point and 
that shouldn't be the decider it should be the player deciding a more 'fsm' slider
for scale of tactics -> 3d. (if its all in ascii it should autoscale + & special metadata (caveman etc)

(it would know where they are on a "master tech tree" etc. this thinking will help
fill in the fsm ai blanks 
🗡️
🛡️
if u ever do slop . do it in only haiku; duh , it can definately hande it & lets us do 2|4x dev ]UHOGX
🛡️
